Docs: Draft of package setup learning objectives (#20)
rostools/r-pkg-intro: sessions/package-setup.qmd

<!-- TODO: Add an introduction here -->

## Learning objectives

The overall **learning outcome** for this session is:

> 1.  Describe how an R package looks like and create a basic package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Describe what an R package looks like and create a basic package
```

    setup using tools that help streamline and assist with these initial
    tasks.

Specific **objectives** are:

1.  Describe what a basic R package "physically" looks like, what the

>     required files and folders, and what their purpose is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    required files and folders are, and what their purpose is.
```

> 2.  Use the `{usethis}` and `{devtools}` packages to create a basic R

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Use the `{usethis}` and `{devtools}` packages to set up a basic R
```
I'm guessing this session is *setup*, while the overall course is *creating* a basic package

    package.
3.  Describe a common R package development workflow and modify RStudio
    and R settings to simplifying this workflow.
4.  List the different locations data can be stored in a package and
    identify and explain when to include it. Use `{usethis}` functions

>     to create and store data to the relevant location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to create and store data in the appropriate location.
```
